The person who saw the queen
female
Queen
What a queen!
Miss Mu is General Ye's senior sister
Is the new queen of Shenluo Hall
Master the 100,000 mansions of Shenluo Hall all over the country
He can mobilize a million troops at the border
These idiots don't kneel yet
It's all my fault for not knowing Tarzan
Ran into the queen
Please forgive me
The queen suffers
How did Governor Su know I was here?
General Ye gave me an order before
Let me secretly investigate the Luo family's husband
Ten minutes ago.
Lin Fu called me
Said that the Queen had come to Qingcheng in person
I'm afraid these idiots don't know your identity
Not cooperating with your interrogation
So they sent me here.
Help the Queen
Excuse me, Mr. Su
Bullying the soft and fearing the hard
Front residence and harem
villain face
Didn't you just say that you want to establish the state of Chu?
Lord Li Hua
I am saving Qin Wei
Dazed
Your son committed a capital crime
No one can save him
What do you mean tell him
See for yourself
Your son Luo Zong is a thief in the southern region
collusion
And also participated
The wound team headed by Wuzhang Guida
Gather intelligence for them
Black check
Traitor for glory
The gift is conclusive